README.md, before:

# Hyperlipidemia Management Assessment System

## Project Overview
This is a hyperlipidemia management assessment system based on the "Chinese Lipid Management Guidelines 2023", developed using Python and Tkinter for the graphical user interface. The system can stratify ASCVD risk and set treatment goals based on the specific conditions of patients, with special integration of lipid management standards for diabetic patients.

## Project Structure
```
hyperlipidemia-classifier/
├── .gitignore           # Git ignore file
├── LICENSE              # MIT License file
├── README.md            # Project documentation
├── requirements.txt     # Project dependencies
├── setup.py             # Package installation configuration
├── docs/                # Documentation directory
│   ├── images/          # Image resources
│   │   ├── flow_chart_1.jpg
│   │   ├── flow_chart_2.jpg
│   │   ├── risk_assessment.jpg
│   │   └── ui_screenshot.jpg
│   ├── archive/         # Archived files
│   │   └── main.py      # Old version code
│   └── logic/           # Logic documentation
│       └── 一级预防逻辑.txt
└── src/                 # Source code directory
    ├── __init__.py      # Package initialization file
    ├── lipid_risk_assessor.py  # Main program
    ├── classifier.py    # Classifier module
    ├── config/          # Configuration files directory
    │   └── __init__.py
    ├── utils/           # Utility functions directory
    │   └── __init__.py
    └── tests/           # Tests directory
        ├── __init__.py
        └── test_classifier.py
```

## Technical Framework
- Programming Language: Python 3.x
- GUI Framework: Tkinter
- Dependency Management: pip

## Main Features
1. ASCVD risk stratification assessment
2. Lipid treatment goal setting
3. Special assessment standards for diabetic patients
4. Lifetime risk factor assessment (for specific populations)

## Module Descriptions
1. `lipid_risk_assessor.py`
   - Main Functionality: Full version of the lipid management system, including diabetes management module
   - Implementation: GUI interface, risk assessment, treatment goal setting

2. `classifier.py`
   - Main Functionality: Lipid classification algorithm
   - Implementation: Logic for classifying lipid levels

## Assessment Process

### Primary Prevention (No ASCVD)
1. Basic Information Entry:
   - Lipid indicators (TC, LDL-C, HDL-C, TG)
   - Age and gender
   - Risk factors (diabetes, CKD, smoking, etc.)

2. Risk Stratification Standards:
   - High Risk: LDL-C ≥ 4.9 mmol/L or TC ≥ 7.2 mmol/L; diabetes and age ≥ 40 years; CKD 3-4 stage
   - Moderate Risk: Evaluated based on the number of risk factors and lipid levels
   - Low Risk: Other situations

3. Lifetime Risk Assessment (for moderate risk and age <55)

### Secondary Prevention (With ASCVD)
1. Assessment of severe ASCVD events
2. Assessment of high-risk factors
3. Determine risk level (very high risk/extremely high risk)

## Treatment Goals

### Non-Diabetic Patients
- Extremely High Risk: LDL-C<1.4 mmol/L, and >50% reduction from baseline
- Very High Risk: LDL-C<1.8 mmol/L, and >50% reduction from baseline
- High Risk: LDL-C<2.6 mmol/L
- Moderate Risk: LDL-C<2.6 mmol/L
- Low Risk: LDL-C<3.4 mmol/L

### Diabetic Patients
1. With ASCVD:
   - LDL-C<1.4 mmol/L
   - Non-HDL-C<2.2 mmol/L

2. High ASCVD Risk:
   - LDL-C<1.8 mmol/L
   - Non-HDL-C<2.6 mmol/L

3. Moderate to Low ASCVD Risk:
   - LDL-C<2.6 mmol/L
   - Non-HDL-C<3.4 mmol/L

## Usage Instructions
1. Run the program and first select whether the patient has ASCVD
2. Enter the relevant information as prompted
3. Click the assessment button to get risk stratification and treatment goals
4. If eligible for lifetime risk assessment, additional assessment options will appear

## Notes
- All numerical inputs must use Arabic numerals
- Lipid indicators are in mmol/L
- Age must be an integer
- Ensure all necessary information is filled in before assessment

## Installation Instructions
1. Clone the project locally
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/zhurong2020/hyperlipidemia-classifier
   ```

2. Install dependencies
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Run the program
   ```bash
   python src/lipid_risk_assessor.py
   ```

## Development Team
- Project Lead: [chenqizhi]
- Developer: [zhurong2020]
- Medical Consultant: [chenqizhi]

## Version History
- v1.0.0 (2024-01)
  * Initial release
  * Basic lipid assessment functionality
  * Added diabetes management module
  * Optimized user interface

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

## Copyright Information
© 2024 [znhskzj]. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

feat: Add OCR script and update README
- Added ocr_to_markdown.py script for converting images to markdown using OCR
- Updated README with Tesseract installation instructions for Windows
- Adjusted project structure documentation to include new script

README.md, after:

# Hyperlipidemia Management Assessment System

## Project Overview
This is a hyperlipidemia management assessment system based on the "Chinese Lipid Management Guidelines 2023", developed using Python and Tkinter for the graphical user interface. The system can stratify ASCVD risk and set treatment goals based on the specific conditions of patients, with special integration of lipid management standards for diabetic patients.

## Project Structure
```
hyperlipidemia-classifier/
├── .gitignore           # Git ignore file
├── LICENSE              # MIT License file
├── README.md            # Project documentation
├── requirements.txt     # Project dependencies
├── setup.py             # Package installation configuration
├── docs/                # Documentation directory
│   ├── images/          # Image resources
│   │   ├── flow_chart_1.jpg
│   │   ├── flow_chart_2.jpg
│   │   ├── risk_assessment.jpg
│   │   └── ui_screenshot.jpg
│   ├── archive/         # Archived files
│   │   └── main.py      # Old version code
│   └── logic/           # Logic documentation
│       └── 一级预防逻辑.txt
└── src/                 # Source code directory
    ├── __init__.py      # Package initialization file
    ├── lipid_risk_assessor.py  # Main program
    ├── classifier.py    # Classifier module
    ├── config/          # Configuration files directory
    │   └── __init__.py
    ├── utils/           # Utility functions directory
    │   └── ocr_to_markdown.py  # OCR script
    └── tests/           # Tests directory
        ├── __init__.py
        └── test_classifier.py
```

## Technical Framework
- Programming Language: Python 3.x
- GUI Framework: Tkinter
- Dependency Management: pip

## Main Features
1. ASCVD risk stratification assessment
2. Lipid treatment goal setting
3. Special assessment standards for diabetic patients
4. Lifetime risk factor assessment (for specific populations)

## Tesseract Installation on Windows

To use the OCR functionality, you need to install Tesseract on your Windows system:

1. **Download and Install Tesseract**:
   - Download the Tesseract installer from [Tesseract at UB Mannheim](https://github.com/UB-Mannheim/tesseract/wiki).
   - Run the installer and follow the instructions to complete the installation.

2. **Add Tesseract to PATH**:
   - Find the installation path of Tesseract (e.g., `C:\Program Files\Tesseract-OCR`).
   - Open the Start Menu and search for "Environment Variables".
   - Click "Edit the system environment variables".
   - In the System Properties window, click "Environment Variables".
   - Under "System variables", find and select the "Path" variable, then click "Edit".
   - Click "New" and add the path to the Tesseract installation directory.
   - Click "OK" to close all dialog boxes.

3. **Verify Installation**:
   - Open a command prompt and type:
     ```bash
     tesseract --version
     ```
   - You should see the version information for Tesseract.

## Assessment Process

### Primary Prevention (No ASCVD)
1. Basic Information Entry:
   - Lipid indicators (TC, LDL-C, HDL-C, TG)
   - Age and gender
   - Risk factors (diabetes, CKD, smoking, etc.)

2. Risk Stratification Standards:
   - High Risk: LDL-C ≥ 4.9 mmol/L or TC ≥ 7.2 mmol/L; diabetes and age ≥ 40 years; CKD 3-4 stage
   - Moderate Risk: Evaluated based on the number of risk factors and lipid levels
   - Low Risk: Other situations

3. Lifetime Risk Assessment (for moderate risk and age <55)

### Secondary Prevention (With ASCVD)
1. Assessment of severe ASCVD events
2. Assessment of high-risk factors
3. Determine risk level (very high risk/extremely high risk)

## Treatment Goals

### Non-Diabetic Patients
- Extremely High Risk: LDL-C<1.4 mmol/L, and >50% reduction from baseline
- Very High Risk: LDL-C<1.8 mmol/L, and >50% reduction from baseline
- High Risk: LDL-C<2.6 mmol/L
- Moderate Risk: LDL-C<2.6 mmol/L
- Low Risk: LDL-C<3.4 mmol/L

### Diabetic Patients
1. With ASCVD:
   - LDL-C<1.4 mmol/L
   - Non-HDL-C<2.2 mmol/L

2. High ASCVD Risk:
   - LDL-C<1.8 mmol/L
   - Non-HDL-C<2.6 mmol/L

3. Moderate to Low ASCVD Risk:
   - LDL-C<2.6 mmol/L
   - Non-HDL-C<3.4 mmol/L

## Usage Instructions
1. Run the program and first select whether the patient has ASCVD
2. Enter the relevant information as prompted
3. Click the assessment button to get risk stratification and treatment goals
4. If eligible for lifetime risk assessment, additional assessment options will appear

## Notes
- All numerical inputs must use Arabic numerals
- Lipid indicators are in mmol/L
- Age must be an integer
- Ensure all necessary information is filled in before assessment

## Installation Instructions
1. Clone the project locally
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/zhurong2020/hyperlipidemia-classifier
   ```

2. Install dependencies
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Run the program
   ```bash
   python src/lipid_risk_assessor.py
   ```

## Development Team
- Project Lead: [chenqizhi]
- Developer: [zhurong2020]
- Medical Consultant: [chenqizhi]

## Version History
- v1.0.0 (2024-01)
  * Initial release
  * Basic lipid assessment functionality
  * Added diabetes management module
  * Optimized user interface

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

## Copyright Information
© 2024 [znhskzj]. All Rights Reserved.
